"Git spurningar og svor"
#Fyrsta Git verkefnið
1. Hvað gera eftirfarandi Linux skipanir?
	cd "in control of something"
	cd ~ "leaves control"
	ls "shows "
	pwd "shows which drive it's located on"
	mkdir "makes a folder"

2. Hvað gera eftirfarandi git skipanir og hvers vegna eru þær gagnlegar?
	git clone "Clone a repository into a new directory"
	git log "shows the author and date"
	git status "Shows the working tree status"
	git diff "Show changes between commits, commit and working tree."
	git checkout "Switch branches or restore working tree files"

3. Hver er munurinn á eftirfarandi git skipunum:
	a) git diff "Will show you the pending modified changes of un committed files"
	b) git diff --staged "git diff --staged will only show changes to files in the "staged" area."
	c) git diff commit1 commit2 "make differences between branches i believe?"

4. 	Hvað er útgáfustýring (e.version control)? 
    revision control "ability to change source codes or documents etc"


5.	Hverjir eru helstu kostir við að nota GIT?
   You can make your work public but also let them see only what you want them to see?


6.	Hversu oft telur þú að eigi að gera commit í verkefni, rökstuddu?
    twice?



7.	Hvað er "Working directory"?" "Staging area"?" og "Repository" í GIT?
   Staging Area is when the folder is passing through git, "working directory and repository are basically the same thing but they are like when you are pushing the file remotely on the site."


8.	Hvenær er sniðugt að nota greinar (branches)? 
   "branches are a part of your everyday development process. 
   Git branches are effectively a pointer to a snapshot of your changes.
   When you want to add a new feature or fix a bug—no matter how big or how small—you
   spawn a new branch to encapsulate your changes"



9.	Hver fann upp GIT?
		 "Linus Torvalds"

10.	Hvar er GIT helst notað?
    "It allows groups of developers to collaborate on the same documents 
  (often source code) simultaneously and without overriding each other’s work."
